Date of contest : 07/06/2020                     Div. 2
Date of blog: The next day

Target:
	1).Solve A within 5mins.
	2).Solve atleast till the 1500 pts(A-D).
	3).Reach Expert

Targets achieved:
Only the second one.
Missed the last one by a whisker(3pts).

Q1. Not as easy as some of the other As but I managed to knock it with confidence but took some time for that.

Q2. I misread the question first and wasted 10mins for wrong code and also the sweet time for thinking a new and mathematically sound algo(which is after having submitted the prev question). Therefore I somehow did something and passed the sample tests to waste 2 attempts. Finally left it and did it at the end. Cost me atleast 200 points along.

Q3. I don't even remember the question which means that this question should have been easy and I did it in 15 mins.

Q4. I ran into TLE thrice before I eventually succeeded in saving some time by remembering
all the good people who had earlier reached the destination and our work was to solely
reach some place from where someone had earlier escaped.

Instead of running dfs for each good person, which squared the time complexity, I could've
just run a dfs from the destination to know which places were accessible. Thanks to the constraints
that I could pass with little optimization. Nevermind. It took me not much to come up with a solution
but TLE and heavier coding cost me atleast 200-250 points and I could've reached expert rn :(

Q5. Didn't believe I could solve it within 20 mins but to be honest, with cool thinking and some basic binary operations knowledge, this question could have been solved with the given time. I want to reach this state of calm thinking to able to get the best out.

I have not yet been able to figure out whether I am going through a purple patch or I have seriously reached Expert levels. Who knows I deserve better. I can't do anything except remain passionate and keep on working hard.

PS: To me, the difficulty of B is same as A or even less. Similarly, E seems easier than D :)